Hey, poor is poor
How much is a broken stall worth?
How does it hurt him?
Are you rich?
Do whatever you want with money?
It's amazing to have money
I have 100,000 dollars in this card
Whoever helps me get rid of this poor man
The money belongs to him
I'll do it
Brother, can you give me this money?
Of course, as long as you cripple me
This poor man beat me hard
What's wrong?
All done, thank you Yunshao, thank you Yunshao for playing
Hahaha stop
Zhang Xue is always you
I'm around here.
Are you all right?
Jump surnamed Wan
What a coincidence it is!
You came with your fellow villagers
Do you know each other?
It's okay, I heard this stinky dick say it before
As if he were some kind of shit
Deal with girlfriend
This is a bitch with a dog
forever.
How to deal with this woman?
This chick is not bad looking
I'll give it to you, I'll see who dares
My dad is Jiang Tianxia of the Tokyo God of Wealth
I don't care who your father is
How dare you meddle in my own business
I take care of you, what are you?
Talk to me like that
You asked my brother to urge me to call
I fell again what the fuck I wanted happened to my pocket
Hey let me go